#EXTM3U url-tvg="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/mncvision.id.xml"
#EXTM3U x-url-tvg="https://iptv-org.github.io/epg/guides/id/mncvision.id.xml"

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",TVRI Nasional
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/PemersatuBangsa/sa_dash_vmx/PemersatuBangsa.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",TVRI Nasional ᕀ
http://ott.tvri.co.id/Content/HLS/Live/Channel(TVRINasional)/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Metro TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Metro-TV2/sa_dash_vmx/Metro-TV2.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Metro TV ᕀ
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:metro.smil/chunklist_w846993376_b1492000_sleng.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Kompas TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KompasTV/sa_dash_vmx/KompasTV.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Kompas TV ᕀ
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/HLS/Live/channel(dc9040ad-a4e1-4d08-883c-a65542b69602)/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",TVOne
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVOne/sa_dash_vmx/TVOne.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",TVOne ᕀ
http://210.210.155.37/session/8ada75ba-2f85-11eb-9529-b82a72d63267/qwr9ew/s/s105/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Berita Satu
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeritaSatu/sa_dash_vmx/BeritaSatu.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Berita Satu ᕀ
https://b1news.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1News_manifest.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™",Berita satu World
https://b1world.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1World_1280x720.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™",Jakarta Globe
https://b1english.beritasatumedia.com/Beritasatu/B1English_1280x720.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™", CNN Indonesia
https://live.cnnindonesia.com/livecnn/smil:cnntv.smil/chunklist_w1445470530_b384000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™", CNBC Indonesia
https://live.cnbcindonesia.com/livecnbc/smil:cnbctv.smil/eroz_brebes.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",IDX Channel
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IDX/sa_dash_vmx/IDX.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",iNews
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",iNews ᕀ
https://hw8871-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/iNewsTV-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/iNewsTV-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™", MNC NEWS
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCnews-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCnews-HDD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",MNC TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",MNC TV ᕀ
https://hw8871-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/MNCTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",RCTI
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",RCTI ᕀ
https://hw8871-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RCTI-DD/sa_dash_vmx/RCTI-DD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",GTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",GTV ᕀ
https://hw8871-live-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GTV-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Indosiar
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s04/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Indosiar ᕀ
http://mpwtv.my.id/vidioye/205-indosiar.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",SCTV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s03/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",SCTV ᕀ
http://mpwtv.my.id/vidioye/204-sctv.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Trans 7
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Trans7-2/sa_dash_vmx/Trans7-2.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™",Trans 7 ᕀ
https://video.detik.com/trans7/smil:trans7.smil/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Trans TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TransTV-2/sa_dash_vmx/TransTV-2.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™",Trans TV ᕀ
https://video.detik.com/transtv/smil:transtv.smil/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",NET
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NetTV-HD/sa_dash_vmx/NetTV-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",NET ᕀ
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s08/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",ANTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ANTV/sa_dash_vmx/ANTV.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",ANTV ᕀ
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s07/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",RTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTV/sa_dash_vmx/RTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",BALI TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BaliTV/sa_dash_vmx/BaliTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",BandungTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BandungTV/sa_dash_vmx/BandungTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",DAAI TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DAAITV/sa_dash_vmx/DAAITV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™", Indonesiana
https://kbtv.akamaized.net/hls/live/2031188/kanalbuya/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",JAK TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JakTV/sa_dash_vmx/JakTV.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Magna Channel HD
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:magna.smil/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="iTVnesia™",Metro Globe Network
https://edge.medcom.id/live-edge/smil:mgnch.smil/chunklist_w754412833_b3884000_sleng.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™", Moji
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s41/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Nusantara TV
https://nusantaratv.siar.us/nusantaratv/live/chunks.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Infotainment
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCInfotainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCInfotainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",LifeStyle & Fashion
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/LifeStyleFashion/sa_dash_vmx/LifeStyleFashion.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",MNC Entertainment
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCEntertainment/sa_dash_vmx/MNCEntertainment.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",OK TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/OKTV/sa_dash_vmx/OKTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="iTVnesia™",Vision Prime
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/VisionPrime/sa_dash_vmx/VisionPrime.mpd


#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HBO
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/hbo-2/sa_dash_vmx/hbo-2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HBO Family
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOFamily2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOFamily2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HBO Hits
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOHits/sa_dash_vmx/HBOHits.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HBO Signature
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HBOSignature2/sa_dash_vmx/HBOSignature2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Cinemax
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaxHD2/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaxHD2.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies",Galaxy
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Galaxy-HD/sa_dash_vmx/Galaxy-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies",Galaxy Premium
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/GalaxyPremium-HD/sa_dash_vmx/GalaxyPremium-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",IMC
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD/sa_dash_vmx/IndonesiaMovieChannels-HD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",AXN
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AXN/sa_dash_vmx/AXN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Cinema World
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CinemaWorld/sa_dash_vmx/CinemaWorld.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Celestial Movies
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialMovie/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialMovie.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Celestial Classic Movies
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CelestialClassic/sa_dash_vmx/CelestialClassic.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HITS
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HITS/sa_dash_vmx/HITS.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",HITS Movies
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HitsMovies/sa_dash_vmx/HitsMovies.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies",K Plus
http://210.210.155.37/uq2663/h/h08/index.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",KIX
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KIX/sa_dash_vmx/KIX.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Movies",Rock Action
http://210.210.155.37/session/c41b46b8-6703-11ec-9eaf-b82a72d63267/dr9445/h/h15/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Thrill
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Thrill/sa_dash_vmx/Thrill.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",tvN Movies
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvNMovies/sa_dash_vmx/tvNMovies.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",tvN Premium
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/tvN/sa_dash_vmx/tvN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Warner TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/WarnerTV/sa_dash_vmx/WarnerTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Movies",Zee Bioskop
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ZeeBIOSKOP/sa_dash_vmx/ZeeBIOSKOP.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Asian Food Network
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AFN-HD/sa_dash_vmx/AFN-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Bonappetit
https://bonappetit-rakuten.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Cooking Panda
https://stream-us-east-1.getpublica.com/playlist.m3u8?network_id=46

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Fashion TV
https://fashiontv-fashiontv-5-gb.lg.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",FMN
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FMN/sa_dash_vmx/FMN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",HGTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HGTV/sa_dash_vmx/HGTV.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",KBS World
https://kbsworld-ott.akamaized.net/hls/live/2002341/kbsworld/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Lifetime
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Lifetime/sa_dash_vmx/Lifetime.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",One
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SetOne/sa_dash_vmx/SetOne.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",People Are Awesome
https://dai2.xumo.com/xumocdn/p=redbox&deviceid=&is_lat=&subp=RedboxdesktopWebWindows/amagi_hls_data_xumo1212A-redboxpeopleareawesome/CDN/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Rock Entertainment
http://210.210.155.37/dr9445/h/h16/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",TLC
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TLC/sa_dash_vmx/TLC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",TV 5 Monde
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV5/sa_dash_vmx/TV5.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Anhui TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnhuiTV/sa_dash_vmx/AnhuiTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Dragon TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ShanghaiDragonTV/sa_dash_vmx/ShanghaiDragonTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Hunan TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/HunanTV/sa_dash_vmx/HunanTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Jiangsu TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/JiangsuTV/sa_dash_vmx/JiangsuTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Xingkong TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/XingKongTV/sa_dash_vmx/XingKongTV.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Dubai Racing
http://dmithrvll.cdn.mangomolo.com/dubairacing/smil:dubairacing.smil/chunklist_b1600000.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Fight Sports
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FightSports/sa_dash_vmx/FightSports.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Formula 1
https://no2.onlinewebtv.lol/ddy1/premium60/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8|referer=https://widevine.licenses4.me/|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",IMPACT! Wrestling
https://d2p372oxiwmcn1.cloudfront.net/hls/main.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",OneGolf
http://162.250.201.58:6211/pk/ONEGOLF/tracks-v1a1/mono.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Red Bull TV
http://rbmn-live.akamaized.net/hls/live/590964/BoRB-AT/master_1660.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",SpoTV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SCM/sa_dash_vmx/SCM.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",SpoTV 2
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SPOTV2-HD/sa_dash_vmx/SPOTV2-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Stadium
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/0jRU1DBXSW6a_TFheLfAUQ/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",Tennis Channel
https://tennischannel-intl-samsung-uk.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",CMT Music
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS08/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",MTV Biggest POP
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS02/master_375.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",MTV Block Party
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS03/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",MTV Spankin'
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS07/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Entertainment",MTV Yo!
http://pluto-live.plutotv.net/egress/chandler/pluto01/live/VIACBS01/master.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Entertainment",Music TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MusicChannel/sa_dash_vmx/MusicChannel.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Animal Planet
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AnimalPlanet/sa_dash_vmx/AnimalPlanet.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",BBC Earth
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCEarth-HD/sa_dash_vmx/BBCEarth-HD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Cars
http://service-stitcher-ipv4.clusters.pluto.tv/v1/stitch/embed/hls/channel/5812b3a4249444e05d09cc46/master.m3u8?deviceType=samsung-tvplus&deviceMake=samsung&deviceModel=samsung&deviceVersion=unknown&appVersion=unknown&deviceLat=0&deviceLon=0&deviceDNT=%7BTARGETOPT%7D&deviceId=%7BPSID%7D&advertisingId=%7BPSID%7D&us_privacy=1YNY&samsung_app_domain=%7BAPP_DOMAIN%7D&samsung_app_name=%7BAPP_NAME%7D&embedPartner=samsung-tvplus

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",CGTN Documentary
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN_Doc/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN_Doc.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Crime Investigation
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CrimeInvestigation/sa_dash_vmx/CrimeInvestigation.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Discovery
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Discovery/sa_dash_vmx/Discovery.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Discovery Asia
http://54.37.82.205:8081/liveorigin/hd-discovery_480/playlist.m3u8
			
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",History
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/History/sa_dash_vmx/History.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Insight TV
https://cdn-ue1-prod.tsv2.amagi.tv/linear/samsungus-insighttv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Love Nature
https://d18dyiwu97wm6q.cloudfront.net/v1/master/3722c60a815c199d9c0ef36c5b73da68a62b09d1/LoveNature4K2-prod/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Motor Racing
https://dai.google.com/linear/hls/event/qI1pC-R_Sma0bVLVjaEOtw/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Motors TV
https://digicom.hls.iptvdc.com/canalmotor/index.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Motorvision
https://d2gjhy8g9ziabr.cloudfront.net/v1/master/3fec3e5cac39a52b2132f9c66c83dae043dc17d4/prod-samsungtvplus-stitched/samsungtvplus_us_motorvisiontv_001.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",NASA TV 
https://ntv1.akamaized.net/hls/live/2014075/NASA-NTV1-HLS/master_2000.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Channel
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoChannel/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Knowledge",Nat Geo Wild
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NatGeoWild/sa_dash_vmx/NatGeoWild.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Outdoor Channel
https://ov.ottera.tv/live/master.m3u8?channel=obs_oa_us

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Outside
https://outsidetvplus-stirr.amagi.tv/master.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Pet Collective
https://jukin-thepetcollective-1-us.lg.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",PursuitUp
https://1c1adf8d91e94b7d836ac263d6f0f35f.mediatailor.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/master/44f73ba4d03e9607dcd9bebdcb8494d86964f1d8/Samsung_PursuitUp/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",PowerNation
https://d756a78688054e35ae814dd9c1e899f0.mediatailor.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/master/44f73ba4d03e9607dcd9bebdcb8494d86964f1d8/Samsung_RTMTVChannel/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Smithsonian
https://smithsonianaus-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",TasteMade Travel
https://tastemadetravel-vizio.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",This Old House
https://thisoldhouse-2-us.roku.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",Tiny House Nation
https://4f2d358e390a41cd8e87e74a954d9624.mediatailor.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/master/44f73ba4d03e9607dcd9bebdcb8494d86964f1d8/Samsung_TinyHouseNation/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Knowledge",TravelXP
https://travelxp-travelxp-1-eu.rakuten.wurl.tv/playlist.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",ABC Australia
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AustraliaPlus/sa_dash_vmx/AustraliaPlus.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",ABC News Live
https://content.uplynk.com/channel/3324f2467c414329b3b0cc5cd987b6be.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World News",Al Jazeera
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlJazeeraInternational/sa_dash_vmx/AlJazeeraInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Arirang
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Arirang/sa_dash_vmx/Arirang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",BBC World
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BBCWorldNews/sa_dash_vmx/BBCWorldNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Bloomberg
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Bloomberg/sa_dash_vmx/Bloomberg.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World News",CCTV 4
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s19/01.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="World News", CGTN
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CGTN/sa_dash_vmx/CGTN.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",CNBC
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNBC/sa_dash_vmx/CNBC.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",CNN International
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CNNInternational/sa_dash_vmx/CNNInternational.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Channel News Asia
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/ChannelNewsAsia/sa_dash_vmx/ChannelNewsAsia.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",DW TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/DW/sa_dash_vmx/DW.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",EuroNews
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/EuroNews/sa_dash_vmx/EuroNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",FOX News
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/FoxNews/sa_dash_vmx/FoxNews.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",France 24
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/France24/sa_dash_vmx/France24.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",NHK World Japan
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldTV/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",NHK World Premium
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NHKWorldPremium/sa_dash_vmx/NHKWorldPremium.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Rusia Today
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/RTEnglish/sa_dash_vmx/RTEnglish.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",SEA TODAY
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/SEA-Channel/sa_dash_vmx/SEA-Channel.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Sky News
https://webudi.onlinewebtv.lol/lb/premium366/index.m3u8|referer=https://widevine.licenses4.me/|User-agent=REDLINECLIENT

#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",The Indonesia Channel
https://cdn-telkomsel-01.akamaized.net/Content/DASH/Live/channel(20baf7aa-fd51-480f-87b3-dc4198090e86)/manifest.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="World News",Turkish Radio & TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TRTWorld/sa_dash_vmx/TRTWorld.mpd


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Animax
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Animax/sa_dash_vmx/Animax.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",AniPlus
http://210.210.155.37/dr9445/h/h02/index.m3u8|User-Agent=VLC/3.0.9 LibVLC/3.0.9

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Baby Shark
https://fc2f8d2d3cec45bb9187e8de15532838.mediatailor.us-east-1.amazonaws.com/v1/master/44f73ba4d03e9607dcd9bebdcb8494d86964f1d8/Roku_BabySharkTV/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Baby TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BabyTV-NewHD/sa_dash_vmx/BabyTV-NewHD.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Besmart
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/BeSmart/sa_dash_vmx/BeSmart.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Boomerang
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Boomerang/sa_dash_vmx/Boomerang.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Cartoon Network
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/CartoonNetwork/sa_dash_vmx/CartoonNetwork.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",CBeebies
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Cbeebies/sa_dash_vmx/Cbeebies.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Coco Melon
https://devds.site/api/youlive.m3u8?v=WNOppbVkKu8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",HK Junior
https://happykidsjunior-vizio.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Kids TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/KidsChannel/sa_dash_vmx/KidsChannel.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Miao Mi
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MiaoMi/sa_dash_vmx/MiaoMi.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Nickelodeon
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/Nickelodeon/sa_dash_vmx/Nickelodeon.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",Nick Jr
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/NickJr-HDD/sa_dash_vmx/NickJr-HDD.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Kids", The Official LEGO
https://legochannel-vizio.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Kids",ZooMoo
https://zoomoo-samsungau.amagi.tv/playlist.m3u8


#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religion",Al Quran Al Kareem
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/AlQuranAlKareem/sa_dash_vmx/AlQuranAlKareem.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Makkah TV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s28/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Madinah TV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s27/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Hijrah TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch8.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Muslim TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/MNCMuslim/sa_dash_vmx/MNCMuslim.mpd

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",MQTV
https://5bf7b725107e5.streamlock.net/mqtv/mqtv/playlist.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Rodja TV
http://210.210.155.37/qwr9ew/s/s14/01.m3u8

#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion", Surau TV
https://h1.intechmedia.net/intech/ch3.m3u8

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",Tawaf TV
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TawafTV/sa_dash_vmx/TawafTV.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",TV9
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TV9/sa_dash_vmx/TV9.mpd

#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_type=com.widevine.alpha
#KODIPROP:inputstream.adaptive.license_key=https://mrpw.ptmnc01.verspective.net/?deviceId=NDIzMDJhZmUtYWRjMi0zNGJkLTkyN2EtYmE1ZDFlZWIwODEz
#EXTINF:0 group-title="Religion",TVMU
https://anevi-live-channel-cdn.mncnow.id/live/eds/TVMuhammadiyah/sa_dash_vmx/TVMuhammadiyah.mpd

#EXTINF:-1 group-title="Religion",TVR Parlemen
http://103.18.181.69:1935/golive/livestream/playlist.m3u8


<!--Remark-->

